https://presidenstory.com/usimag/phot2/washington.jpg,George Washington
https://presidenstory.com/usimag/phot2/adams.jpg,John Adams
https://presidenstory.com/usimag/phot2/jefferson.jpg,Thomas Jefferson
https://presidenstory.com/usimag/phot2/madison.jpg,James Madison
https://presidenstory.com/usimag/phot2/monroe.jpg,James Monroe
https://presidenstory.com/usimag/phot2/quincyadams.jpg,John Quincy Adams
https://presidenstory.com/usimag/phot2/jackson.jpg,Andrew Jackson
https://presidenstory.com/usimag/phot2/vanburen.jpg,Martin van Buren
https://presidenstory.com/usimag/phot2/h_harrison.jpg,William H. Harrison
https://presidenstory.com/usimag/phot2/tyler.jpg,John Tyler
https://presidenstory.com/usimag/phot2/polk.jpg,James K. Polk
https://presidenstory.com/usimag/phot2/taylor.jpg,Zachary Taylor
https://presidenstory.com/usimag/phot2/fillmore.jpg,Millard Fillmore
https://presidenstory.com/usimag/phot2/pierce.jpg,Franklin Pierce
https://presidenstory.com/usimag/phot2/buchanan.jpg,James Buchanan
https://presidenstory.com/usimag/phot2/lincoln.jpg,Abraham Lincoln
https://presidenstory.com/usimag/phot2/ajohnson.jpg,Andrew Johnson
https://presidenstory.com/usimag/phot2/grant.jpg,Ulysses S. Grant
https://presidenstory.com/usimag/phot2/hayes.jpg,Rutherford Hayes
https://presidenstory.com/usimag/phot2/garfield.jpg,James Garfield
https://presidenstory.com/usimag/phot2/arthur.jpg,Chester Arthur
https://presidenstory.com/usimag/phot2/cleveland.jpg,Grover Cleveland
https://presidenstory.com/usimag/phot2/harrison.jpg,Benjamin Harrison
https://presidenstory.com/usimag/phot2/cleveland.jpg,Grover Cleveland
https://presidenstory.com/usimag/phot2/mckinley.jpg,William McKinley
https://presidenstory.com/usimag/phot2/roosevelt.jpg,Theodore Roosevelt
https://presidenstory.com/usimag/phot2/taft.jpg,William Taft
https://presidenstory.com/usimag/phot2/wilson.jpg,Woodrow Wilson
https://presidenstory.com/usimag/phot2/harding.jpg,Warren Harding
https://presidenstory.com/usimag/phot2/coolidge.jpg,Calvin Coolidge
https://presidenstory.com/usimag/phot2/hoover.jpg,Herbert C. Hoover
https://presidenstory.com/usimag/phot2/fdr.jpg,Franklin Roosevelt
https://presidenstory.com/usimag/phot2/truman.jpg,Harry S Truman
https://presidenstory.com/usimag/phot2/ike.jpg,Dwight Eisenhower
https://presidenstory.com/usimag/phot2/jfk.jpg,John F. Kennedy
https://presidenstory.com/usimag/phot2/johnson.jpg,Lyndon Johnson
https://presidenstory.com/usimag/phot2/nixon.jpg,Richard Nixon
https://presidenstory.com/usimag/phot2/ford.jpg,Gerald R. Ford
https://presidenstory.com/usimag/phot2/carter.jpg,Jimmy Carter
https://presidenstory.com/usimag/phot2/reagan.jpg,Ronald Reagan
https://presidenstory.com/usimag/phot2/bush.jpg,George H. W. Bush
https://presidenstory.com/usimag/phot2/clinton.jpg,Bill Clinton
https://presidenstory.com/usimag/phot2/wbush.jpg,George W. Bush
https://presidenstory.com/usimag/phot2/obama.jpg,Barack Obama
https://presidenstory.com/usimag/phot2/donald-trump.jpg,Donald Trump
